---
layout: post
title:  "13.11.24"
---

"To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize..."

Writing a book titled "Two extremely selfish narcissists create
a holy angelic boy who lives forever and kills with kindness.
"The only conscious individual" is another title I'm considering.

Anyways, I'm still getting over what happened last summer, so here it is.

My parents called the police on me for being "crazy" or "loopy"
or "mad" or "out of the box" or something. I'm still piecing it together.
It obvious bothers me every day not understanding their cause, if any.

Do they hate me because I'm a unique individual? That's the only
plausible explanation. I'm so unapologetically human and their zealousy
eats them alive. That's the best way I could describe it linguistically.

I talk to my parents about this and even visit counsellors and
psychiatrists to mend our extremely broken relationship, if you
could call it that. The story they give me is that I was unhinged 
and they did it for my own good. Hm, I've heard that before, when
I was repeatedly beaten as a child, then told excuses and never
apologies as I grew and realized I had not done anything to warrant
physical abuse, as if there's any warrant to hitting a child. Christ.

They also don't take responsibilty for calling the police, they
almost imply I called the police on myself, as if I'm the only
individual in the unvierse, so that's why I'm running with that title.

Any time I ask my parents to act responsible for their creation
they put it back on me, telling me there's "no book on raising kids".
Actually, there is. Every book store in every major city has
sections on raising children. Not to mention they're still
patting themselves on the back for feeding and sheltering
my siblings and I. Is that not an expectation? I'm seriously
wondering what it would take to have them arrested for child abuse.

RCMP broke into my home and violently assaulted and arrested
me with absolutely no cause or warrant. My head was slammed into
stone floor and I still have scars from the handcuffs.

What they did was without a nanosecond of question textbook illegal.

I hardly sleep anymore because I had police physically assault me in my home, in my kitchen. And for what? If I deserve this, so do they.
Chaos is fair.

I will absolutely never recover from what the joke of city and council would consider “punitive” damage reparation. No amount of legal battle
will resolve my dismay. Thankfully, neither will anybody even remotely involved in the fiasco, meaning anyone even reminds me of the scars on my wrist, they take a trip down memory lane with me. It's all in my
head, right? That's what everyone keeps telling me. 

I must have arrested myself, thrown myself into the ground for dramatic effect. Come the fuck on.

They constantly ask “why do you act this [xyz] way” and use shame tactics when you don’t follow their every order, in broader terms behave exactly like them, mirror their idealogues and fit into their clique. Really? Am I seriously expected to blindly follow authority or groupthink after what happened in 2020?

Really?

They (special interest groups, to put it lightly) want to be me, or really they want whoever is reading and parsing this. And they don't even really want you, they want your ideas (as if original ideas
even exist in the first place) They want your metacognition, basically.

Everybody is intentionally wasting everybody else's time and resources. 

Truth is objectively relative (which *itself* is a paradox––have fun with that one; Is your blue my blue? How about your taste in music or fashion? Can you be right or wrong? Of course not. There is no objective truth.) Plus, crime/laws are  completely made up. We're fucking monkeys, dude. Why do we even have a charter of rights when it's completely disregarded? Canada is seen as a nice, charitable place of peace and kindness when in reality I see RCMP harass homeless every time I leave my building and they arrest me if I stay inside on my computer too long for their liking. You literally can't win, but the silver lining of that is neither can anybody else. Damned both ways.

They really opened pandora's box having me arrested, I'll say that.
I was a motivated person beforehand but after 
being chased through my home by two overweight cops who
also didn't know why they were arresting me, for some reason
the fire under my ass burns exponentially. A few years ago I wanted
to be a software engineer, now I want to dominate the world and humanity, or rather lackthereof. I went from making iPhone applications
to studying war, politics and history most waking hours, meditating
and praying, increasingly writing and recording my thoughts to centre
my spirit and setting goals I can't even put into words because
the external world couldn't begin to understand how to parse them. Hell,
I wouldn't know how to communicate most of my goals to the "human race" at this point. I live on another level, man. Completely.

I wish I was making this all up to boost my ego or self-esteem. Like, I wish it was a lie and not the truth. It would be funny if it weren’t so direct and honest.

To put it lightly, everyone is stretching to Nirvana, everyone wants to be God but I suppose fall short in some way.

Immutably. Forever.

Remember, respect is a two-way street. When they feel disrespected by me or my ego (lol?), they’re doing it to themselves. They just want attention and they’re not getting it.  Whenever they’re hating on me (causing any stress whatsoever), it’s them hating themselves.

I don’t hate anybody, of course, however [they] certainly do, and they inflect it into me when I don't accept it myself. Again, paradox. You can only love everybody when you've accepted that you hate them. You don't even have to wish death on them because they never existed. I certainly don't see people as human beings anymore, as I did age 5-15, but I don't hate them just because I know they're AGI. It simply eases the blow to know everything I sense and percieve is an illusion, a projection from my brain or mind, which itself is an illusion. Turtles.

I live life on easy mode with how much I love people who have obviously wronged me and offer no apology or condolence. I deserve infinite credit, but I’d prefer to avoid that conversation, because again, the more credit I’m given, the “better” I’m “scored” as a person, whatever that even means (whatever these things define as “Trust” and “Truth”) the longer I’m stuck here on a planet I’d obviously never ask or choose to be born into in the first place. I digress. I love it here.

I’m hardly even here. Meek inherit. Let go to acquire [the thing, the moment, whatever was on the tip of your tongue]. The tighter you grip the Earth, the material world, the quicker it drains of light. Again, nihilistic regression. Notice any patterns with life? Or maybe it is what it is. And always was.

"Dismiss life, worship death." – MC Ride

It’s the best advice I’ve ever been given. What are you gonna do, clench onto life forever like it’s some secret gem or hidden jewel? It very well may be the most common thing in the universe. We are not original or unique in any measurable metric. Objectively. If you disagree, again, you have the mind of a child. Humans have not and never will be "special", whatever the hell that even means.

There are eight billion of these things polluting the world and the number is growing exponentially. Fuck, we’ve most likely ascended ten in the recent years (2020-2022 would be my guess), however we simply lack the technological resources to measure the sheer amount of human beings on this exceptionally tiny rock. 

Anyways, proof is always in the pudding. Parents are boomers with the brains of children, ironically their kids are the ones doing most of the cognizing. The God of Man is Son. 3 in 1.

Try having an intellectual discussion with parents about literally any topic whatsoever for longer than 15-20 minutes. I could be angry or frustrated—what I really need to do is let them go. As we distance, life improves, not only for me but for everyone.

To be around parents is metaphysically and transcendently manifesting brain cancer, to put it lightly. Parents impede on the progress of their offspring, they hold them back. It’s the only thing they *can* do. They are tumors by definition, which is a genuine insult to tumours. I can say from experience, cancer raised me better than these things ever did.

Again, you could say this entire post, shit, life itself is hate or rage, but in all honesty, it’s forgiveness and truthfully affection and love. 

And if this, and that; and everything you see is considered hate or rage, once again, I beg the question, who created and raised *you*?

Also, if *this* is hateful (me saying I’ve ascended my parents and family and even *this note* and *venting* or even *talking* for the most part, grown a lot, and become more independent by nature), **what IS positive?????** 😂😂😂😂😂

If me growing up is negative I don’t know what to tell you. If you think I’m mean, once again, you are a child.

In my next episode I'll explain dimensions for the millionth time
while some retard tries to entice me back into society.