---
layout: post
title:  "10.27.24"
---

Completed Determined and a few other books today.
Hit the gym twice. Nutella for lunch.

Watching Billions and Succession right now while sipping a Coke and listening to Mac Demarco. Wondering where everything began and considering the possibility
of infinitely regressing universes. How did we get here? Trinity whispers, it's the question that drives us.

Consider 'it is what it is' for a brief moment. There is no free will, no
control or genuine action anybody can take. It's all an illusion, frankly
not even illusive once you see behind the veil, once the trick has been performed a few times. Once you realize everything is cause and effect
I believe it gives you some breathing room. One person cannot change the world
because eight billion people cannot change the world. To strive, to aim for some
higher purpose or goal is completely redundant, silly and futile and honestly
extremely childish and imbicilic. To think a consciousness or awareness
even exists on this mechanic planet would be giving it much undeserved credit.

We are animals, at best. There is no "human", whatever that would even imply.
If humans and humanity existed, well, we wouldn't exist in the first place.

It goes without saying there is no love in the universe and existence is war.

Call me negative, call me victim, it doesn't matter.

My experiences are my experiences. 

Now the real question begins. Is there eight billion truths or only one?

I know you'll say there's only one truth, so who decides on it?

Oh, it's a democratic process between the eight billion?

Jesus Fuck, here we go again.